the stance is still there but the
responsibility isn't it's an awesome
experience being here george w bush says
he doesn't miss presidential life he'd
like a marker a candle happy here in
rural africa fixing up this simple
clinic is it really good for you oh it's
good for my soul because in the midst of
first of all come from a privileged land
and a land of plenty and in Sainik when
we come to a place where there's
deprivation to see such joy it's a
reminder that the human condition can be
full of a great spirit for five years
he says he's made a conscious effort to
stay out of the limelight few speeches
no conferences and no criticism of his
successor it's difficult and former
president doesn't need to make it harder
as far as I'm concerned if ur
indecisions that's mine slowly though he
says he's emerging bringing attention to
women's health issues a continent away
see we did one of these in cowboy last
year and there are a lot of one that
came very special and they've kept
coming it wasn't just that one day where
the ribbons are come local guy said all
right go President Bush and mrs. Bush
sure make sure you show like there's a
need President Bush says when he's at
home in Texas he spends much of his time
painting portraits and landscapes they
were pretty good well thank you you know
when you paint by numbers it's not that
hard here in Zambia
it's the clinic walls getting a fresh
coat in a way it's quite spiritual isn't
it would you know that's that's good
work there's only be one in this tiny
little building yeah we view it as a
mission of mercy but it's not our mercy
so you said spiritual I agree with you
and our motivation is to help save lives
his current project builds on PEPFAR
a presidential program that provided
anti-aids drugs to millions of people
mostly in Africa there need to be an
patience because thousands were dying
and and kind of the world wasn't
responding and so I guess I'm kind of an
impatient guy from an impatient
president of a privileged land now a
volunteer still with steely eyed focus
as he tries to find meaning away from
the Oval Office
Robyn Curnow CNN Livingston Zambia